hello today we're going to demo another
product this is a dough whisk I never
heard of it till Tiffany brought it to
me
I'm the resident bread maker in-house
and by that I mean I make one bread the
New York Times
no need recipe so that's what I have
here it's basically flour a little bit
of yeast and salt and that's it so this
is a dough whisk and I'm going to I'm
trying it out it's my first time using
it on this recipe and so I'm just mixing
all the ingredients together and now I'm
going to put the water in see what
happens what do you normally do I'm
usually just use my hands this is it
messy yeah this is kind of nice little
knife to like get my hands all missing I
can just use the whisk so that was
pretty easy I mean you can see it's
combined everything pretty well together
and I think that well let's try it out
and see how it goes as far as getting
the de la cruz yeah I mean the dough
just kind of comes off the whisk pretty
easily
yeah excuse me how long will that I've
taken you like with using your hands the
same amount of time but it okay so it
doesn't really save time it just is less
mess yes that the idea
yeah means definitely less messy and I
think it does a better job but probably
mixing all the dough together they're
just mine let's look at it his estranged
design
no no whisk and it's pretty flexible no
really
no no it's designed to just I say it's
actually quite through yeah hard okay
but that was fast I mean you saw how
fast I was able to mix that together and
it's done ready to go
so perfect whoo yay go with